# CS250_SDLC


# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
Correctly interpreting user needs starts with strong listening and critical thinking skills.  By engaging in a personal meeting with users, program requirements can be formed into a value statement.  “As a <role>, I want <a feature>, so that I can <accomplish something >”.  We then further detail a requirement into what is known as a user story.  User stories are natural language descriptions of the features of a system told from the user's point of view.  We expand upon the value statement with acceptance criteria, which are a set of specific requirements that must be met in order for a user story to be accepted as complete.  This information guides our initial understanding of how to begin the implementation of programs.  

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Developing a program starts with understanding its requirements.  Whether I am developing solo or with a small team, I will strive to incorporate each fundamental principle of the agile manifesto into my future development work.  Individuals and interactions are crucial in a team environment, I will value and empower my team.  I value working software over spending hours on end developing comprehensive documentation.  As a servant to my customers, their involvement is imperative to my success as a developer.  Just as the tech industry does so gracefully, I will respond to and embrace change as I believe this will help me create the most current and relevant products.  I'm excited to do my first Scrum as well.  I've found that I often develop in small iterations and bypass rigorous planning in my own projects.  I'm constantly adapting to changes as I progress as well, I think this environment would suit me well.  

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

Communication, coordination, empathy, transparency, accountability, and involvement.  There are many, many more skills that make a great team member but I believe that being a true person and actively engaging with those around me will benefit me the most.  I strive to do my best at everything I do but one can only do so much on their own.  I will always try my best to create an environment with my team that promotes motivation, fulfillment, self-organization, and most importantly, performance of the highest caliber and efficiency.       
